Special tools:
Fateweaver - A wand encased within a scribe's brush. Weaving the ancient characters of the elder tome with this writing utensil instills the arcane power into the very air itself, manifesting forgotten magics, sometimes with random effects. But be warned - Fate can be a cruel mistress, and has been known to dominate her wielders. She is a jealous, dominant woman. You may never wield another weapon before appeasing her wild fancies and completing her quest to cast the finest of spells.
Stormcaller - This Axe sings in happy limricks, often weaving a tale of it's previous bearers. How long can you bear it's incessant babbling? Is this power really worth it? Use it's hints of the past to seek out those who tricked the Axe by faking their deaths, infirmity, or obligations as excuse to relinquish the axe - and it's constant conversation - without invoking the wrath of the Stormcaller, which would surely have smote them with lightning otherwise.

Soulcleaver wanted nothing more than to be a charm bracelet, or perhaps a harmless little nail. He detests his destiny, having been forged into a weapon of great evil. Major characters in the story have their souls ripped from their dying corpses and imbued into the blade, and as you level it up, the voices become a symphony of sin, then a cacophony of criminal intent. Every once in a while, the true voice of the Soulcleaver silences the ne'er-do-wells to lament it's lot. It offers more power in exchange for their excorsism from the blade, and attains its final form when they are expunged and it accepts its true destiny as the ultimate necromantic Greatsword. (edited)
Ironheart is a spartan shield that fears battle and doesn't want to be hit. He appeals to your conscience, begs for other weapons to take his place before the sword. But whenever a blade is brought to bear that would contact the shield, it magically misses. Ironheart doesn't understand why, and often speaks of how this luck cannot last.
It literally poofs out of your hand and shifts into another plane of existence if there are too many near-misses, running for it's life.
[5:08 PM]
It reappears after a set duration, or when called by an active command while out of combat.
Dialogue: 1st hit: "Watch it! You nearly got me killed!" 2nd hit (deflecting magic animation): "I can't keep this up much longer!" 3rd hit: "You're on your own! YOU may be suicidal, but I'm not built for this!" (on return): "Is it safe? Are you SURE?"
